Bugfixes countvectorizer (#5038)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5038.bugfix.rst

> Fixed a bug in the CountVectorizer Featurizer which resulted in the very first message after loading a model to be processed incorrectly due to the vocabulary not being loaded yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the ``CountVectorsFeaturizer`` which resulted in the very first message after loading a model to be processed incorrectly due to the vocabulary not being loaded yet.
```

> Fixed a bug in the CountVectorizer Featurizer which resulted in tokens which are in the vocabulary being replaced by the OOV_token, because the token_pattern was only applied afterwards
> 

Reviewer: Not needed now since we removed the token processing fix for now.
```suggestion
```
